feat: Create basic requirements doc (#9)
argoproj/argo-conformance-program: REQUIREMENTS.md

# Argo Certification Program Requirements

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps we should create a separate certification mark that is separate from the Argo logo as well as standard text that can be used to indicate certification.

Reviewer 2: I think it is a good idea to keep it separated from the Argo Logo.

Author: Let's open a new PR for benefits and go through the process there once we have the requirements put together.

## Certification is provided for each of the four Argo projects.
* [Argo Workflows](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows)
* [Argo Events](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-events/)
* [Argo CD](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/)
* [Argo Rollouts](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-rollouts/)

## For any certification the following is required
* Offering provided by CNCF member company
* Offering provisions, manages, or hosts compliant instances of target project

> * Member company maintains X maintainer(s) within the Argo org. See [Maintainers](https://github.com/argoproj/argoproj/blob/master/MAINTAINERS.md)

Reviewer: I would rather not require maintainers for just certifying that the product is compatible.
We can have higher requirements for other benefits we may want to confer.

Author: I agree. @wanghong230 This is something that you had felt more strongly about. The more I think about it though, the more I think maybe we can encourage contributions some other way.

Reviewer 2: Sure, I can back off on this ask.

Author: Agreed in committee to remove the requirement for a maintainer.

> * Member company maintains X maintainer(s) within the Argo org. See [Maintainers](https://github.com/argoproj/argoproj/blob/master/MAINTAINERS.md)

Reviewer 3: By starting off with a lighter weight conformance program, like we discussed in the last meeting, where we only have a "certification badge", similar to what prometheus is doing, I don't see any need to require maintainers to get certified.

Author: I like the framework @jessesuen outlines here https://github.com/argoproj/argo-conformance-program/issues/1#issuecomment-950387896 (minus the what is Argo portion of the discussion).

Reviewer 2: I agree with Henrik to focus on the certificate badge to keep the conformance program simple. I believe we need to align on this across the board.

Author: Summarize Discussion:

- @hblixt : Will this be easier to get approved by CNCF if it's simpler? 
- @todaywasawesome : I think we should shoot for the high bar and adjust if needed
- @wanghong230 : Let's not give out more that we have to take back. I'm ok with the approach to go for the high bar.

> * Member company maintains X maintainer(s) within the Argo org. See [Maintainers](https://github.com/argoproj/argoproj/blob/master/MAINTAINERS.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

* Confirm through self-testing the offering is compatible with target project version

> * Provider will maintain offering with latest versions within X months of project release.

Reviewer: Should the certification be for a specific version of Argo?

Reviewer 3: I think there has to be four different certifications, one for each sub project, with the certification tied to a specific minor or major release of that sub project

Reviewer: Yes, I think that would be good. We can design the certification marks so that they stack/group in an attractive way.

Author: Yes, I like this.

I think certifying for each major version is the way to go. We have a requirement to keep certified for each version but it's good practice to make it super clear what people are actually certified on.

Author: Being resolved with a PR from @hblixt to specify the support at version levels.

> * Provider will maintain offering with latest versions within X months of project release.

Reviewer 3: I suggest we tie certification expiration should to the Argo release support. All four projects support N and N-1 releases, which means a released version is supported for roughly six months, with a quarterly release schedule
e.g.  
"A certification for version N is valid until the release date of version N+2. At the release date of N+2, a provider will have to upgrade and re-certify to stay current. A provider that upgrades their offering to N+1 will have to certify on that version to stay current"

Author: Certification is valid only for currently supported versions of the project. Argo provides support for the latest 2 versions.

Provider will maintain offering with currently supported versions. Argo projects are supported for the latest 2 versions and generally are released quarterly. For example, if a provider certifies on Argo Workflows 3.1 but does not certify on 3.2, when 3.3 is released their certification expires.

Author: Agreement from @hblixt @wanghong230 @wtam2018 @jannfis on using latest 2 versions rather than. timeframe

Author: Resolved in commit 79e4582

> * Offering must include option for accessing the default UI with only minor modificaitons.

Reviewer 3: "without modifications", or we open a can of worms. 
Providers are free to offer a separate/different UI, as long as the default UI is available.

Author: We could say without modifications since there is an extensions system for people to potentially add UI elements. And I agree, they could have a separate UI aswell.

Author: Agreement from @hblixt @wanghong230 @wtam2018 @jannfis on using latest 2 versions rather than. timeframe

> * Offering must include option for accessing the default UI with only minor modificaitons.

Author: ```suggestion
* Offering must include the option for accessing the default UI without modifications beyond each project's built-in extensions and customization systems.
```
co-authored-by: @jannfis 
co-authored-by: @hblixt 
co-authored-by: @wtam2018 
co-authored-by: @wanghong230

> * Argo branding must be left intact in UI when accessed

Reviewer 3: With above comment of no modifications, this wouldn't be needed

Author: To be further discussed.

Author: Discussion: We should use "logos" instead of "branding" to be more clear.

Author: Hong: Logos is maybe too restrictive, branding is potentially safer. 
Wlliam: Branding is up to interpretation, maybe we need to define what the branding is
Hong: Can we define the branding

Argo branding must be left intact in default UI when accessed. Branding includes general UI layout, logos, logo positions, color schemes, etc. 

Fixed in commit `3d54087`
